It’s over, these buildings are over,
Neither the Shouting family nor our tomb family took advantage of the family,
Now you can reach the destination where the fire boat wishes you,
What kind of tiles do you wish me to have on my tomb?
Your scene is a violent party,
Look, I know you are a fierce party,
I just remember,
You two are here to save me,
You need to turn over the Family Knowledge and Blessed Place tiles first.
Besides, these are what they are,
I can't control it anymore, no,
Mendao, what can you do?
Before we rowed further, there was news about my father, oh my God,
The Queen of Heaven no longer belongs
ten days later
Go, I am willing to sell all my assets now
Okay, that's the case
Old is so bigger
As long as I can get that forgotten violation
It doesn't matter to you or my parents, I live here.
We can therefore further recommend
Analysis is not as good as accounting
I promise you will get more money from this fat guy.
Okay, I'll try it for you